now gaza's Health Ministry has announced
the death of the director of the
ambulance and emergency service in Gaza
hany Al jaari was uh killed in an
Israeli strike on the alaj clinic in
Gaza City the health Ministry described
him as a solid model of steadfastness
and determination over 500 paramedics
and doctors have been killed and more
than 310 arrested since the beginning of
Israel's war on Gaza let's speak to Tar
Abu who joins us now live from De albala
and the death of Mr Jafari hugely
significant to those who knew him and
the important work that he was
[Music]
doing yes that's right so the death of
Mr hanel jaffari was a clear shock for
all ambulance at workers alongside even
with medical teams in the north of the
strip as this person has been devoting
his own life in terms of helping
Palestinians and providing them with all
all sorts of medical help and within
this war as we have been having
conversations with his colleagues they
say that he has been even during the
times of conflict was moving between
ambulances in order to recover victims
and injured from areas of bombardment
taking ultimate risk in order to bring
and searching for survivors and this is
a part of his uh humanitarian walk but
despite this Israel upscaling the
military attacks against Aid against
humanitarian workers and even against
medical team teams in the north of the
strip in the center and even in the
southern part of Gaza as those who are
working in the field are no longer a
able to feel safe am the clear surge of
the Israeli attacks and now in order to
get more information about that story we
are joined by Mr Yad Zak the head of the
emergency department in ALA
Hospital tell us
about the escalation of the Israeli
attacks on the medical sector and
medical workers in Gaza in Northern
Gaza it is clear that the occupation
forces are trying once again to destroy
completely the health and medical system
in Gaza and to destroy all the
capabilities and the equipment of the
med sector that cannot be
compensated now Mr hany Jaffrey was a
pillar in this regard he was always
working hard for serving the sick and
the wounded people he walks day and
night to serve those who are living in
very difficult circumstances in
Gaza Mr what about the difficulty
you face as Medical Teams in Northern
Gaza and in Gaza generally the
difficulties are massive working within
lack of security is not normal at all
this is a contradiction to the
international Norms that necessitates
providing the medical teams with
security protecting Medical Teams at all
times they are trying to hit and kill
the medical staff they are trying to
destroy the health system they are
trying to deprive the people here who
are in bad need of medical services from
these services and we are losing a lot
of
ambulances and uh we are losing a lot of
our men and they have targeted the Z
forces have targeted so many places so
many medical workers so many medical
establishment and H jaawi was one of
those victims who lost their lives
because of his hard work for the people
in Gaza thank you Mr aad very much
generally the uh Palestinian ambulance
workers alongside with all uh
Palestinians who are working in the
medical field they are trying to
continue to provide uh Palestinians in
the north of the strip with their
essential highly required Medical Care
despite all sorts of danger unfolding
them in an area that had been going
through all kinds of humanitarian and
Military pressure on the ground there
soill t AB is in there for us in der
robal T thanks very much of course we'll
be checking in with you throughout the
day make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer